fix: Fusion chart callout (#2034)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/chart.mdx

<dd>

:::caution

> Starting from March 1st, 2024, Custom Fusion Charts will display a watermark. To avoid this, consider transitioning to [Custom ECharts](#custom-echarts) for a watermark-free experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Effective from March 1st, 2024, Custom Fusion Charts will display a watermark as the license will not be renewed. It is recommended to start using [Custom ECharts](#custom-echarts).
```
